what's up guys this is Mark Queens with
migration ology calm and eating - calm I
am in Bangkok's takanome district I'm
weaving through the market this clothing
market here and just back there is a
really cool Burmese Street restaurant
and we're gonna go eat some Burmese food
top-notch stuff
Burmese restaurant in Bangkok Street
food this is real authentic Burmese food
I'm here with the owner yeah
what is the name of this lahpet oh this
is the tea green tea salad yeah yeah
yeah what is this is that Val you know
dah dah look Kabuto
Panama boku no koto but it is what is it
made from and come on monkey live on up
water mr. Batali
no no God all oh yeah so this India at
all yeah yeah yes yeah yeah okay notice
the sauce sauce McDaniel yeah soy sauce
so no soy sauce no soy sauce no vinegar
gonna keep on top so we start see yeah
sweet sauce sweet soy sauce and now it's
like a creamy token yeah you know Burma
to pick from our Kenya mm-hmm
ozpin yeah okay sweet sauce yeah sauce
almost like a wist assured sauce and
there's some sour cabbage on it too and
then the last dish which this restaurant
happens to be very famous for is it's
that cowboy also I call sets up how's
that oh yeah cause the local sesame rice
noodle
take a look at that this is the famous
in Japan and though chicken and I
don't like a dog yeah it's sour cabbage
and some chilies peanuts hockey in a
soup so this is awesome food Street
Burmese food in Bangkok this is where
it's at yeah
very good food very good food thank you
because you get money
alright so actually I'm going to dig
right in there
learn them okay that's awesome this is
just a common good classic street to
another